This is a library management system I made.
This project is based on Django and Mysql.
The front-end uses the Bootstrap framework
Navicat is used for database management.
This project implements the login function of two identities,
reader identity and administrator identity.
We first
log in
with the reader identity to this book management system
we entered Navicat
and copied a reader id
reader card,
then entered the password
and clicked reader login
to log in to this management system as a reader.
This management system is mainly designed with two functions:
book query and borrowing books.
We can Enter the book number,
book title, author, and publisher to search for books.
For example, if we search for Shanghai Translation Publishing House
and click Search,
we can query two books from
Shanghai Translation Publishing House.
We copy the book number of the book Midnight Terror
and click to borrow or return the book
Enter the book number we just copied
and enter the borrowing period and estimated return period.
Click on the borrowed book and the borrowing will be successful.
We return to the main page of the borrowed book
and you can see that the book Midnight Terror has been
successfully borrowed.
Click on the returned book
and the same operation
We can see that book just now
has been returned.
We use the administrator account to log in.
We can see that the administrator account
has two more functions.
One is book storage
and the second is library card management.
First, click on the book storage
input Book number,
category,
book title,
publisher, author,
year, price,
quantity, click on the book to be stored and it will be successfully stored
When we query the book just now in the book query,
we can see
that Sadako's book has been successfully added to the library.
Then click to borrow and return books.
Because you are logged in with an administrator account,
So when borrowing and returning books,
We need to enter the library card number.
Click to search
You can see all the books
borrowed under this library card number.
Click on library card management
We can delete the library card
or create a new one.
Enter the card number,
name, department, password and category
, then click Create
to create a new library card.